honourable senators , what happened here , last Tuesday ?
a committee was selection achievement .
yesterday I attended on the first meeting of the committee .
and I am surprised that the committee admits that it does not too know what to do with the Senate independent .
that will not strike so much for a moment .
the committee can selection show some impact .
on the work that undertaking a senator over the next two years .
it is a committee important , because , in principle , these new Senate actually in its sit committee some senators .
i am therefore presented to the sitting of the committee to yesterday to note that one of the new Senate was indeed .
it was sent a replacement .
honourable senators , I will name people .
you see so that I am kind ' t it ?
the Senate will have their own research to find that had been fault .
when one accepts an work , it has to do .
the women who sit in the Senate have proven .
their remplissaient they have much more that the majority of the men in the Senate .
i remember as the meetings that held the to the committee of the veterans in February 1998 .
the Senate Ni or the House of Commons do here at that time .
three senators they sat in the proceedings of the committee , all of women .
the leadership of the Senate could not find a person to the committee .
i could cite word about , words , the hon. senator Carstairs took answer the question I asked .
i asked him : " Quels were the criteria are as follows ? "
she said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report .
that it was written to the parliamentary associations in 1993 .
shall delegations at the time was only formées of men .
in this regard , I would like to point out that I have been replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years .
however , I expect want the opportunity to enter preferred my association .
honourable senators , I do not know how or when the House will be decision about these two reports .
each time that the Senate are on television verdict .
wondered or by a group of students , from journalists or other .
that if we do ?
it is true , and I will believe .
however , it should be translated in fact .
i do not believe in the alternative .
if a senator accept this position in a committee , he or she should participate in any meetings intended .
we are not of the House which we say in the corridors :
" Présentez do you to the committee today and after two years of education , there is a question final in committee '' .
they do not even know what they are viewed , but they stand out when their leaders stand to them .
they do not know no what has happened .
honourable senators , the words " continuité " and " dedication " is the way in our speech .
in the next two weeks , starting to reflect on the way we will address the Senate independent .
if we are the are not , I créerai my own committee of Parliament who are interested in the world affairs .
no one can we will try .
the Honour the Speaker :
if any other hon. Senator are wishes to speak , you is it the pleasure of Senate and honourable to adopt the motion ?
some hon. members :
in agreement .
( motion agreed to , the report agreed to )

Calculated in : 1541.745704 seconds
