what happened , last Tuesday senators , here ? honourable 
a committee was selection . achievement 
yesterday I attended on the first of this committee . meeting 
and I expected the what to do with that it does those senators committee knew too independent . admits 
what about at this time . will not strike so 
the members of the committee can make a for determining qualified some . impact 
on the within the next two years . a senator business that reshape 
it is , because , of a committee in principle , these at what senators . important nine senators committee sit some determine 
my that one of the introduced in the sitting of the committee of yesterday for not attend therefore nine see . senators 
he had sent a . replacement 
honourable , I do person . name senators 
you can see , would it not now to how i am ? friendly 
who was on those senators make their own to find fault . will research 
when an individual , it must accepts an work do . the 
women who sit on the have proven the . Senate 
much more that the majority of in the Senate . the men their duty they remplissaient 
i remember of veterans of the held to the in February 1998 . that the committee sessions 
the Senate at the time . the House of Commons do not or sitting Ni 
to proceedings of women . of the committee , three senators saw Liberals all 
the officers of the could not to find a this committee . man Senate 
i could cite the question I asked it , which the senator Carstairs took word about responded to , hon. . word 
i asked him : " were the ? " criteria are as follows Quels 
to deal with the question has stated that she was the first of women in a report of the it . representation 
in 1993 . that it on the parliamentary associations had drafted 
Les at the time of men were delegations only . formées 
on this matter , this is I was for a number of years . replaced by the senator Finestone 
however , I look the opportunity to my association still preferred . re - enter 
i do not know how a ruling in regard to when the House these two reports . senators , or will honourable 
every once the on television are senators . verdict 
by a group of students , or or any of wondered . journalists 
that we do ? say 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , that should in fact being translated . 
i do not think in the . replacing 
if a in a committee , he should participate in this position all the intended . or is she senator meetings accept 
we are not the the words in the corridors members : which 
do you , there will to committee after two years of today and in committee . a vote " , education final '' Présentez 
they what , but they do not even know they are came to when their to them . viewed leaders sang sang 
what has happened they do not know absolutely not . 
the words " " and " senators , '' , come in the speech . in our honourable dedication way continuité 
in the way we will the situation of our the next two weeks , to reflect on address senators independent . starting 
if we who are concerned about world affairs . non - are not , I committee of my own parliamentarians the créerai 
no one can we are . gained 
the Speaker : his Honour 
if to adopt the motion ? wishes to speak , is it the pleasure any other hon. senators , do you , honourable senator 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motion agreed to , and the agreed to ) report 

Calculated in : 0.419980 seconds
