honourable , what happened here , last Tuesday Senate ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended on the first meeting of the committee . 
i am surprised that the committee that it does not really know what to do with the Senate . independent and rise 
i am not so that concern for the time . 
the selection committee can show some impact . 
on the work that over the next two years strikes a senator . 
it is an important committee , because , in principle , to determine what these new Senate committee are sitting senators . 
i am therefore in the sitting of the committee to realize that one of the Senate was indeed yesterday ' s which nine . 
it was sent a replacement . 
it is one name Senate and honourable . 
you can see that it cannot , so I am nice ? 
the Senate will have to find that had been because their own research . 
when one , it must accept the do a job . 
the women who are sitting in the Senate have proven . 
they have much more that the majority of the men in the Senate their remplissaient . 
i remember that the committee held to the of veterans in February of meetings 1998 . 
the House of Commons at that stage . here is the Senate or Ni 
they sat in the proceedings of the committee , all of the three senators women . 
the leadership of the Senate is a man was to get this committee . 
i could cite the answer the question I asked senator Carstairs took note , I say to him . 
i asked him were the criteria are as follows : " Quels ? " 
she said that it was the one on the subject of women in a report representation . 
it was on the parliamentary associations wrote that in 1993 . 
at the time of men were only formées . The delegations 
this is in this regard , I have been replaced by Senator for a number of years Finestone . 
however , I want the opportunity to look back my association . preferred 
i do not know when the House will be about these two reports . , no matter how honourable Senate 
the Senate is that each on television verdict . 
by a group of students , or any of reporters . or wondered 
that if we do ? 
it is true , I believe it . 
however , it should be translated in fact . 
i do not believe in the alternative . 
if this position in committee , he or she should participate in any meetings a a senator accept intended . 
we are not the members of the words in which the corridors : 
today and in committee , there is a question in committee . " after two years of education , " you Présentez final 
they do not even know what they are , they came to power to them when they stand . stand considers 
they do not know at what happened . 
the words " '' , " and " is the way in our . speech dedication continuité honourable Senate 
in the coming weeks and for how we are going to look into the Senate . independent two start 
if we do not do that , I would be interested in the world affairs parliamentary committee to my own créerai . 
no one can we try to . 
the Speaker : the Honour 
if not speak , is it the pleasure to adopt the motion , like any other hon. Senator , senators my honourable ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 

Calculated in : 3567.555913 seconds
