what happened here , senators , last Tuesday honourable ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended on the first of this committee meeting . 
what I expected the make too and that it does independent committee senators . knew admits 
what will not concern for the time so . 
the members of the selection committee can show some impact . 
the next two years in the business that on a senator . reshape 
it is important to a committee , because , in committee , some of these nine determine what principle senators . sit senators 
one of my to realize that was introduced in the sitting of the committee to attend the nine senators . yesterday therefore 
it was sent a replacement . 
name , I do person . senators honourable 
i am therefore how , would it not to see you friendly ? 
who will have to find in their own research was the senators fault . 
when an individual , it must accept the do a work . 
the sitting on the women who have proven Senate . 
the majority of the men in the Senate that much more their duty they remplissaient . 
i remember that the veterans of the committee held in February of the to the sessions 1998 . 
then the sitting in the House of Commons do this or . Ni Senate 
the committee , to all of the proceedings of the Liberals have attended three senators women . 
this to the Senate committee could not find a man of the leaders . 
i could cite , what I answered the question , that the senator Carstairs took hon. word by word formed . 
i asked him were the criteria are as follows : " Quels ? " 
it was the first report of the said that it has to address the women in a representation . 
in 1993 that it had on the parliamentary associations drafted . 
at the time of men were only Les . delegations formées 
on this issue , I was for a number of years in replaced by Senator Finestone . 
however , I still the opportunity to look my association . re - enter preferred 
i do not know how about these two , when the House will be decision or reports . senators honourable 
on television each time that are the verdict . senators 
by a group of students , or or any of wondered . journalists 
say that we do ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , in fact is that should bring . 
i do not believe in the replacing . 
in a position to a committee , he should or if it all the senator . accepts an meetings participate provided 
we said we are not the in which the corridors members : 
there is a today and in committee , to committee after years of education '' , " you vote two - Présentez . final 
they do not know what they are to them , but when they came to even their leaders . sang viewed sang 
they do not know what has happened absolutely . 
in the way to the words " and " '' , come '' , our honourable . speech senators dedication continuité 
in the coming weeks and how we are going to reflect on the situation of the two address the senators . independent starting 
if we are not interested in the international committee of the business , I do who are my own parliamentarians . créerai 
we are no one can gained . 
the Speaker : his Honour 
is it the pleasure of the motion , wishes to speak , if you do , any other hon. honourable senators senator ? adopt 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 

Calculated in : 55.938060 seconds
