what happened , last Tuesday , this honourable Senate ?
a selection committee was achievement .
yesterday I attended a meeting of the first to committee .
i rise to the Senate committee that will be and what really surprised he independent capacity .
i am not so that concern for the time .
the selection committee can show some impact .
the work that over the next two years of strikes a senator .
it is important to a committee , as some of these new Senate committee principle , because it actually sitting senators .
i am one of the committee to realize that it was introduced in the last sitting of the Senate of nine indeed .
it was sent a replacement .
it is one name Senate and honourable .
i am not so that , would you see this kind ?
that will have to find in their own because the senator was research .
it should do the job , when one accepts an .
the sitting on the women who have proven Senate .
the majority of the Senate in that duty they will be better remplissaient men .
i remember that in the veterans of the committee held in the February to the hold 1998 .
the point here in the House of Commons or the Senate is Ni .
the Liberals have , for women in all of the Senate committee after three proceedings .
it to the Senate committee could not find a man of the leaders .
the answer the question I asked to your attention , I could say a word , hon. senator Carstairs .
i asked him were the criteria are as follows : " Quels ? "
the first report of the said it was to address it in a representation that the women .
in 1993 that they were on the parliamentary associations drafted .
at the time of men were only . The delegations formées
on this issue , as I have been replaced by the Senate . for a number of years Finestone
however , I want the opportunity to look back preferred my association .
i do not know how to make a decision , when the honourable House or senators these two reports .
that is in the Senate whenever the television verdict .
in a or any group of students or by wondered journalists .
if we do that ?
it is true , and I believe it .
however , it should be translated in fact .
i do not believe in the alternative .
in a position , if he or she should participate in the Senate committee meetings a accepts an all intended .
we are not of the members in the words which the corridors :
today , and in committee , there is a committee to study in two years after the question " you . " Présentez final
they do not know what they are out to them , but when they stand viewed as their leaders stand .
they do not know what happened no .
in the words " and " '' , " is the way our honourable . speech senators dedication continuité
in the way we will look at the beginning to address the next two weeks , independent senators .
if we do not do business in my own , who are concerned about the parliamentary committee on international créerai .
we try to no one can .
the Speaker his Honour :
is it the pleasure of the motion , you will speak , if it wants , any other hon. Senator honourable Senate ?
some hon. members :
in agreement .
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to )

Calculated in : 5107.082556 seconds
